[{'Groupname': 'Armed Robbery',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving armed robbery, including felonies and family disturbances. These crimes typically involve the use of a weapon to intimidate or harm victims.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Theft and Pickpocketing',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving stealing, pickpocketing, and purse snatching. These incidents often occur in public places and involve the theft of personal belongings.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Domestic Violence and Assault',
  'Description': 'Incidents of domestic violence, including assault and non-aggravated assault. These crimes often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Burglary and Property Damage',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving burglary, property damage, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve breaking and entering into homes or businesses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Stolen Vehicles',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving stolen vehicles, including auto theft and family offenses. These crimes often involve the theft of cars or other vehicles.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Property Damage and Vandalism',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving property damage, vandalism, and leased or rented property. These incidents often involve intentional damage to property.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Auto Theft and Burglary',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving auto theft, burglary, and stealing of auto parts. These crimes often involve the theft of cars or car parts.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Assault and Battery',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving assault, battery, and non-aggravated assault. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Domestic Violence and Assault',
  'Description': 'Incidents of domestic violence, including assault and non-aggravated assault. These crimes often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Trespassing and Property Damage',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving trespassing, property damage, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve intentional damage to property.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Miscellaneous Violations',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving miscellaneous violations, including withhold property and family offenses. These crimes often involve minor infractions or regulatory offenses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Aggravated Assault',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving aggravated assault, including felonies and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve serious physical harm or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Aggravated Assault and Battery',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving aggravated assault, battery, and felonies. These crimes often involve serious physical harm or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Domestic Violence and Burglary',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving domestic violence, burglary, and residential burglary. These incidents often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Possession and Sale of Controlled Substances',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving possession, sale, and distribution of controlled substances. These crimes often involve the sale or possession of illicit drugs.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Shoplifting and Theft',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving shoplifting, theft, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve the theft of merchandise from stores.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Auto Parts Theft',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving the theft of auto parts, including stealing and withholding of property. These crimes often involve the theft of car parts.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Disorderly Conduct',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving disorderly conduct, including withhold property and family offenses. These incidents often involve minor infractions or regulatory offenses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Building and Residence Burglary',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving burglary of buildings and residences, including stealing and withholding of property. These crimes often involve breaking and entering into homes or businesses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Intimidation and Family Offenses',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving intimidation, family offenses, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Assault and Battery',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving assault, battery, and non-aggravated assault. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Stealing and Auto Theft',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving stealing, auto theft, and withholding of property. These crimes often involve the theft of cars or car parts.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Scams and Confidence Games',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving scams, confidence games, and deceit. These incidents often involve financial fraud or deception.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Domestic Violence and Assault',
  'Description': 'Incidents of domestic violence, including assault and aggravated assault. These crimes often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Shoplifting and Theft',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving shoplifting, theft, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve the theft of merchandise from stores.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Trespassing and Property Damage',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving trespassing, property damage, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve intentional damage to property.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Auto Theft and Burglary',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving auto theft, burglary, and stealing of auto parts. These crimes often involve the theft of cars or car parts.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Strong Arm Robbery',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving strong arm robbery, including robbery and assault. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'State Warrant Arrests',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving state warrant arrests, including arrests and warrants. These crimes often involve the enforcement of outstanding warrants.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Stealing and Building Burglary',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving stealing, building burglary, and withholding of property. These crimes often involve breaking and entering into homes or businesses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Possession of Controlled Substances',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving possession of controlled substances, including paraphernalia and drug-related offenses. These incidents often involve the possession of illicit drugs.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Burglary and Property Damage',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving burglary, property damage, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve breaking and entering into homes or businesses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Domestic Violence and Assault',
  'Description': 'Incidents of domestic violence, including assault and aggravated assault. These crimes often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Fraud and Confidence Games',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving fraud, confidence games, and deceit. These incidents often involve financial fraud or deception.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Vehicular Non-Injury Accidents',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving vehicular non-injury accidents, including accidents and traffic-related offenses. These crimes often involve minor traffic infractions.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Weapons Law Violations',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving weapons law violations, including possession and use of firearms. These incidents often involve the possession or use of prohibited firearms.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Intimidation and Domestic Violence',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving intimidation, domestic violence, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Auto Theft and Burglary',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving auto theft, burglary, and stealing of auto parts. These crimes often involve the theft of cars or car parts.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Identity Theft',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving identity theft, including theft and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the theft of personal identifying information.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Credit and Debit Card Crimes',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving credit and debit card crimes, including theft and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the theft of credit or debit card information.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Resisting Officer and Obstruction',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving resisting officer and obstruction, including resisting arrest and obstruction of justice. These incidents often involve interference with law enforcement activities.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Violation of Court Orders',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving violation of court orders, including protection orders and restraining orders. These incidents often involve the violation of court-ordered restrictions.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Child Abuse and Neglect',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving child abuse and neglect, including physical and emotional abuse. These incidents often involve harm or neglect of children.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Distribution of Controlled Substances',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving distribution of controlled substances, including sale and possession. These incidents often involve the sale or distribution of illicit drugs.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Burglary and Property Damage',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving burglary, property damage, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve breaking and entering into homes or businesses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Embezzlement and Financial Crimes',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving embezzlement, financial crimes, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the theft or misappropriation of funds.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Municipal Warrant Arrests',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving municipal warrant arrests, including arrests and warrants. These crimes often involve the enforcement of outstanding warrants.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Forgery and Uttering',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving forgery, uttering, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the creation or use of false documents.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Alcohol-Related Incidents',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving alcohol-related incidents, including public intoxication and driving under the influence. These crimes often involve the consumption of alcohol in public places.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Miscellaneous Investigations',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving miscellaneous investigations, including withhold property and financial crimes. These crimes often involve minor infractions or regulatory offenses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Fraudulent Use of Credit',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving fraudulent use of credit, including credit card crimes and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the theft or misuse of credit information.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Recovered Stolen Property',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving recovered stolen property, including stolen vehicles and property. These crimes often involve the recovery of stolen goods.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Arson and Property Damage',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving arson, property damage, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve intentional damage to property.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Prohibited Persons and Firearms',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving prohibited persons and firearms, including possession and use of firearms. These incidents often involve the possession or use of prohibited firearms.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Robbery and Armed Street Crimes',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving robbery, armed street crimes, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Family Offenses and Weapons',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving family offenses, weapons, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Ex Parte and Violation of Court Orders',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving ex parte, violation of court orders, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the violation of court-ordered restrictions.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Sex Crimes and Assault',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving sex crimes, assault, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Driving Under the Influence',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving driving under the influence, including accidents and traffic-related offenses. These crimes often involve the operation of a vehicle while intoxicated.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Rape and Sexual Assault',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving rape, sexual assault, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Burglary and Residential Burglary',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving burglary, residential burglary, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve breaking and entering into homes or businesses.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Stolen Property and Possession',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving stolen property, possession, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the possession or sale of stolen goods.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Forged Checks and Financial Crimes',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving forged checks, financial crimes, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the creation or use of false financial documents.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Hit and Run Accidents',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving hit and run accidents, including accidents and traffic-related offenses. These crimes often involve the failure to stop or report an accident.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Domestic Violence and Property Damage',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving domestic violence, property damage, and withholding of property. These incidents often involve violence or intimidation within a domestic relationship.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Robbery and Business Crimes',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving robbery, business crimes, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Impersonation and Identity Theft',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving impersonation, identity theft, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the theft or misuse of personal identifying information.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Sodomy and Sex Crimes',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving sodomy, sex crimes, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Sexual Misconduct and Assault',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving sexual misconduct, assault, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Vehicular Injury Accidents',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving vehicular injury accidents, including accidents and traffic-related offenses. These crimes often involve the operation of a vehicle resulting in injury or death.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Robbery and Strong Arm Crimes',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving robbery, strong arm crimes, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve physical violence or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Dead Body and Homicide',
  'Description': 'Incidents involving dead body, homicide, and prohibited persons. These crimes often involve the death of a person.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Terroristic Threats and Intimidation',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving terroristic threats, intimidation, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve threats or intimidation.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Murder and Homicide',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving murder, homicide, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve the death of a person.'},
 {'Groupname': 'Eluding and Resisting Officer',
  'Description': 'Crimes involving eluding, resisting officer, and prohibited persons. These incidents often involve interference with law enforcement activities.'}]